Case description for C-Takes documenting:
Setting: Outpatient.
Specialty: Pediatrics. 
Note detail level (1-5): 5.
Level of abbreviation (Low/Medium/High): Low.

CC/HPI:
Mrs X is a 13 year old female who presents to the clinic with a chief complaint of "difficulty swallowing". The onset has been gradual and over the past year. It is intermittent and associated with specific foods: chocolate and some meats, though her recollection is “shoddy at best”. She has GERD, and has since she was a baby. Her mother reports she always spit up as an infant. She knows this difficulty swallowing is different from the GERD she has experienced in the past. She takes omeprazole 20mg daily and has for years. The sensation, she reports, is a very different feeling. She further reports that she has not experienced GERD in years and that attacks of GERD do noT precede dysphagic episodes. When she points to the location that the difficulty seems to arise she indicates her midline at the level of the first intercostal space. It has recently lead to a burning (5/10 when it happens) sensation and a need to vomit. It is non-bilious vomit and looks exactly like what she just swallowed. There is no associated difficulty breathing. Sometimes taking a deep breath to "make more room in her chest helps" the offending food to go down. She has noted some allergic reactions that have led to lip and “mouth” swelling and have necessitated benadryl use per her mother. These have included various foods, most notably chocolate. Her dad recalls for her that it is most notably milk and milk chocolate. The picture is not entirely clear. She is unable to recall any other foods at this time, though she knows there are others. So do her parents. They cannot recall either. She denies dysphagia associated with liquids. She denies odynophagia. She denies new medications or taking any new pills. She has no other complaints today.

ROS: 
She denies any metallic taste or burning sensation in her throat. She denies waking nauseated or a chronic cough. She denies fevers, chills, nausea, or vomiting. She denies unexpected weight loss or myalgia. She denies headache. She denies chest pain, shortness of breath, or difficulty breathing. She denies diarrhea, constipation, or changes in stool.

Past Medical History:
Mrs X has a history significant for mild intermittent asthma. She has no other past medical history. 

Past Surgical History:
Mrs X has never had a surgery to include wisdom teeth. 

Allergies:
Mrs X has seasonal allergies. She denies any other allergies at this time to include penicillins or foods or latex. 

Medications: 
Mrs X is on a short acting inhaler. She takes a multivitamin. She takes the aforementioned omeprazole 20mg daily. She takes no other medications.

Immunizations:
Mrs X is up to date on all of her immunizations today.

Family History:
Her Mother and Father present with her to the clinic today. They claim to be well despite the "normal aging issues". Mom had a endometrial polyp removed recently and is a breast cancer survivor. Her father states that he has no health concerns but his wife says that he sometimes has "heart problems" but the family doesn't really seem willing to talk about it.

Social History:
Mrs. X is doing well in school. She is an A student and wants to be a doctor. She lives with both of her parents.

Physical Exam:
Vitals:
Tcurrent 98.7 BP 115/75 HR 60 RR 20 SpO2 99% on room air.

Head Eyes Ears Nose Throat: There is no conjunctivitis. Her tympanic membranes are clear and freely mobile bilaterally, there is no rhinorrhea, nor erythema nor petechiae in the oropharynx. 
Cardiovascular: No murmors rubs or gallops. Her heart has a regular rate and rhythm. S1 and S2 were appreciated.
Pulmonary: Her lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally. There is no wheezing nor rails or rhonchi. She is not recruiting accessory muscles nor does she have a clinically apparent prolonged expiratory phase.
Gastrointestinal: Her abdomen is non distended without masses appreciable. Normal bowel sounds are present in all four quadrants. Her abdomen is soft and non-tender without rebound or guarding. There is no hepatosplenomegally appreciable on deep palpation, nor any other mass. 
Lower Extremity: Her lower extremities are well perfused. There is no edema. Her dorsalis pedis and posterior tibial pulses are intact bilaterally. 

Labs/Ancillary:
There are no labs at time of current encounter.

Assessment and Plan:
Mrs X is a well appearing cheerful young woman in no acute distress. Her vital signs are stable. She has an unremarkable physical exam. Her history is significant for long standing GERD, a risk factor for esophageal stricture/ring/web. However, she has been on omeprazole and the dysphagia is increasing. Further, she seems to clearly differentiate the long standing GERD from the dysphagia and is familiar with her symptoms enough to state clearly that one does not precede the other. One would think that she would have noticed increasing GERD in the last year. Her food related allergies that seem to localize around her lips and mouth raise a concern for EoE (eosinophilic esophagitis). In any of the cases, the next step in her management should be consultation with a specialist. This would likely lead to either a pH probe, a trial of increased PPIs, or more to the point perhaps, an upper endoscopy with biopsy.
