Case description for C-Takes documenting:
Setting: Inpatient.
Specialty: Vascular Surgery. 
Note detail level (1-5): 3.
Level of abbreviation (Low/Medium/High): Medium.

Mr. X is a 57 y/o M with a multiple year history of worsening RLE numbness, tingling, and burning pain. He reports this started several years ago and has progressed over the past year to include his foot. His ability to walk has worsened and he cannot even walk half of a block due to pain. He also reports several years of spontaneous ulcers on his shins and now a new ulcer to his right 2nd toe over the past 3 weeks. Patient denies any trauma or skin opening to that area. Patient was seen by a podiatrist who started him on Augmentin and a topical antifungal over 1 week ago.

ROS:
Patient denies any other symptoms to include fevers, chills shortness of breath, chest pain, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, constipation, diarrhea, melena, rashes, peripheral edema.

PMH: HTN, peripheral neuropathy, alcohol use, Crohn's disease, diverticulosis, OA.

PSH: Multiple pilonidal I&Ds.

Meds: Toprol XL 200mg daily, nifedipine 30mg daily, gabapentin 600mg TID, celebrex 100mg daily, desonide topical 0.05% ointment PRN, vit b12 1g daily, mupirocin 2% to
wounds BID, vancomycin 125mg QID, azathioprine 150mg daily, humira qweek, ammonium lactate daily, flagyl 250mg QUD.

All: lisinopril.

FH: HTN, DM

SH: Smokes 3 cigars a day x 30 years, drinks multiple shots of alcohol daily, denies illicit drug use. No h/o alcohol withdrawl per patient.

PE:
Vitals: BP 151/101, HR 75, T 98.3, 98% RA
Gen: Patient A&Ox4, thin-appearing, appears older than stated age.
CV: RRR, no r/m/g.
Resp: CTAB, no wheezing, rhonchi, rales.
Neuro: RLE with light sensation intact throughout, motor appears intact but pt effort limited due to pain.
Ext: RLE - Multiple healing and well-healed ulcerations on shin, small, clean superficial ulcer present on dorsum of 2nd right digit over middle phalanx approx 1.5 cm x 0.5 cm. No signs of infection, no purulence.  LLE with similar ulcers to anterior shin, no obvious foot ulcers.
Vasc: RLE Ð TP palpable (ABI 0.6), DP dopplerable (ABI 0.6). LLE Ð TP and DP palp (ABI >1)
Labs: WBC 8.3 (15.4 on admission), H/H 11.3/35, lytes unremarkable, Hgb A1C 5.9.

A/P:
PVD - 57 M with progressively worsening RLE and foot pain and concern for arterial insufficiency.
-Etiology of foot/shin ulcers and pain is unclear at this time, but vascular disease is high on my index of suspicion. Recommend keeping wound clean and finishing course of antibiotics as already started. We will bring the patient to the vascular surgery clinic in the morning and perform formal ABIs with toe pressures. Pending those results, he may require angiography and intervention tomorrow.
-We will continue to follow along. Please contact us with questions or concerns.